today we decided to realize
super simple way a bumper and also
a special rear spoiler for the xb
10 so you will take some useful
plast okay you 're going to take a
glass to get some water and you take
a support that you go to so wet
that your hands to be able to handle
dutil plast agree so you take from
the water that you have heated and
you will see it will act very
quickly you take some useful plast
which will allow us to do the
support platform
duke bumper
he's already melting and he
becomes translucent so with this
plastic you will be able very
quickly
be careful it's hot you take a
support a kind of two screwdriver or
any account in you had
wet a support for the plastic
do not adhere and here is the useful plast tel
that he presents himself and so with that you
you can build your support
which will be positioned below the
bumper and who will come to position themselves
on the front of the xb lice that's all
simple to handle
when you wet your hands it's
manipulate very very easily
but you're pretty thick even what
will happen is that you go
take your bumper as you go
moisten so it does not stick
more agree and then then you have
simply
position your support
like this we simply
put it well it will be like that
and you have a support that has just been
fact that you can color if you
want
as well
and on the front the finish will be done
after and you have a product that gets
present like this we will put in
freezer to strengthen you check
well positioning by doing this
and already already he holds it will suffice then
simply and drawbridge
we will now put it at
cool hours so no we'll show you
how is it
here you are, you have a shock father with
its support so with the little ones
plots what are we going to do so
it simply snaps but we will also
added in Persian small screws that
will strengthen and so we go
then bored all to have a better
strength on the car parking
no
Here's the result
a real I read bumper in full of
promises and full of qualities for unix
b 10